fix(docs): fixes to Guides and outputs in each guide (#917)
fetchai/docs: pages/guides/agents/getting-started/getting-uagent-address.mdx

## Introduction

Agents within the Fetch Ecosystem are characterized by different addresses. These can allow the agent to perform different actions, including sending messages or interacting with the [Almanac contract ↗️](/references/contracts/uagents-almanac/almanac-overview).

It is possible to distinguish between two different types of addresses:

    - `uAgent address`: this address identifies the agent within the Fetch Network. It's similar to a username within a chat platform, allowing other agents to discover and communicate with that specific agent by querying that agent's information from the Almanac contract.

>     - `Fetch network address`: this address is linked to the agent's wallet on the Fetch.ai network. It is essential to perform multiple functionalities like holding cryptocurrency, interacting with the [Fetch Ledger ↗️](/concepts/fetch-network/ledger/intro), but also performing secure transactions. This address is essential to register an agent in the [Almanac ↗️](/concepts/fetch-network/almanac) contract to ensure the agents has enough funds available to perform operations in the Fetch Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Fetch network address`: this address is linked to the agent's wallet on the Fetch.ai network. It is essential to perform multiple functionalities like holding cryptocurrency, interacting with the [Fetch Ledger ↗️](/concepts/fetch-network/ledger/intro) and performing secure transactions. This address is needed to register an agent to the [Almanac ↗️](/concepts/fetch-network/almanac) contract. Note, you must ensure the agents has enough funds available to perform operations in the Fetch Network, however this is all done automatically and no funds are currently required. 
```
